2180

cou[rse] of the said river adj oyneing to the said lordshipp to the lordshipp of the
Right Honme. Ronssffivr] Earle of LYcEsTER of the south parte, and. thence
directly along the ant[ient] course of the said river adj oyneing to the said
lordshipp unto KYMMAR DwY OGWR afor[esaid.]

And further to the same article the said J ury doe say and present that the
antient course of the River of GARW at the higher end of a place called BRY[N]
MAIN is the confine of the west parte of the parish of LANGEINOUR being
another member of the said Manour of OGMOUR and parte and parcell of the
Dutchie of LANCASTER and there adjoyneing to the lordshipp of the Right
Honb12·W1LL1AM late Earle of PEMBROKE called the lordshipp of Tm YARLL
directly along the antient course of the River of GARw upwardes to Bchn
Gmnw, an[d] thence along the downe adjoyneing to the said lordshipp to two
heapes of stones lying on the downe, and therehence to a brooke called ABER-
NANTDDY, and therehence adjoyneing there to the lordship of Right Honme.
WILLIAM late Ea[rle] of ΡΕΜΒΒΟΚΕ, called the lordshipp of NEATH ΟΙΤΒΑ, along
the antient course of the River called Avw, to BLAEN AvAN of the north parte,
and thence to BLAEN OGwR, ancl thence along the antient course of the said.
River of OGWR of the east parte to a place called KYMMAR Dvsw OGWR according

to the antient course of the said river, and thence adjoyneing there to the lord-

shipp of the Right Honffle· Romam Earle of LEASTER‚ along the antient course of ’

the said River of OGWR of the south parte to a place called ABERGARW
adj oyneing there to a place [called] YNYS NAWDRE in the parish of ST. BRIDES
MINOR being 3 member likewise of the said Manour of OGMOUR and parte and
parcell of the Dutchie of LANCASTER. The confine whereof is the antient course
of the said River of OGWR of the south parte to the lower part of PWLL Y
PROMPHALLT adjoyneing thereunto the Lordshipp of N ΕΠ GAs'rLE on the west
parte, unto one acre called Tm Y VEL1N‚ and soe downe along the same acre to a
great stone at the lower end of the said acre, adj oyneing there w[i]th ye Gleebe-

lands of the parson of ST. BRmEs MINOUR on the east parte, and soe upwardes

